You don’t even know what I look like and you still dare to play on my preferences
You just said you are my confidant
I was just taking medicine
Why did Father Ma come here?
Eye, keep eye, I want you so much
Since he is my confidant, should I continue to be strict with him?
I’ll admit it, Father Ma. Why is it so expensive to split the money?
I'll make it more expensive for you
1 For?
Father Ma of Tang Dynasty
There is a road to heaven, but don’t take it
The jade has no door, you have no idea what to do with me
I'll kill you today
Better think it through
My crime as Rika
Bones are out
Just let there be no secrets
Do you dare to touch me?
I guarantee you will be the same
I will tell you one last thing about your house company.
Housing company, spare your life
who sent you
I've heard countless things
They are all playing in Chuanwuliang
No family has a drama fund
That’s why I’m wearing shoes, I deserve to die
Housing company, spare your life
your little punk
You don’t have the guts to say it either
Then go die
I don't want to know anyway
You, you want to kill me
Didn’t you just say that?
I kill you
As your family, I will chase you
The government can't control me either
Are you going to die?
you can't kill me
But Huasheng
The arrogant son